# Small Business Template 

The purpose of this is to set a base for a developer to build from.

To use this all you have to do is clone it and then follow the link for each gem for installation.
I did not run a full install on all Gems some are just here for quick use if I am building an app that needs it. Like Paperclip and Dropbox, no need to fully set them up if my app dose not need to upload and store files. However they are there if down the road I need them.

This Template is filled with the following Gems:
* [PG](https://rubygems.org/gems/pg) => Postgrsql insted of Mysql for the database
* [Twitter Bootstrap](https://github.com/anjlab/bootstrap-rails) => Responsive and CSS layout
* [Paperclip](https://github.com/thoughtbot/paperclip) => Thoughtbot file upload gem
* [Dropbox](https://github.com/janko-m/paperclip-dropbox) => Dropbox is used with paperclip as a storage space
* [Mail_Form](https://github.com/plataformatec/mail_form) => This is to make creating contact or information request forms easy
* [Mailcatcher](https://rubygems.org/gems/mailcatcher/versions/0.5.12) => Allows for sending of email on local host for testing
* [Rename App](https://github.com/morshedalam/rename) => This is a gem to rename this app to yours.
* [Spree Commerce]{http://spreecommerce.com/) => This is an RoR shopping cart with this I install the
		[Spree Gatway](https://github.com/spree/spree_gateway) for a listing of all gateways.

I have also set _config.serve_static_assets = true_ to true so that if you are using heroku it will play nice.
Don't forget in  your databse.yml file you will need to edit it to match your site.
Also if you need it I have included a gem to help you quickly rename your application after you clone it. 

As I find more use full and time saving gems I will update them here.

<p>Built into this template is an Admin Dashboard. Just something vary basic to allow the developer or client to edit the content
	and images / files on their site.</p>
	
<p>This is by no means a full CMS and at this time is not my intent. I just wanted to make implementing	additional sites fast and easy
	while at the same time allowing my client the easy ability to update their site with out having to learn new software or remember 
	how things work down the road.</p>

<p>If you are a developer and like what you see here fell free to cloan it and use to your harts content. Or if you are looking for a RoR CMS and 
	think this would be a good start then lets talk. If you have a gem that you thing would be of good use here let me know and I will look it over
	and consider adding it.</p>